Sky wolf you touch yours
I want to be cautious
Be bold and be yourself
Haha, you are weird
It's just that the tone doesn't sound easy
I've studied a lot about the law of big money
Offend the empress
But the mouth is long
You already have two by your side.
Note
I can't chew
Even if you can stand your kidney
Hey, can't stand it either?
Don't be too stingy
Mr. Gao doesn't have many customers during the day
If the son has any needs
That Rouge Pavilion still has many sisters
Liu Huakui heard that the lord punished the profiteers
Also quite admirable
Do you want to have a drink with the adults?
Brother Hua Gui, your famous son is good, right?
Drink for free first
Now you can, hey, hey, white strips, haha.
No, let the government continue
Don't lose your head
Chen Lamb greets His Majesty
I am not a wolf
Gao Shangwen also met His Majesty for the second time at the peak
I am a private visitor to the groom
I'm eager to bring the news of my coming to the brothel
Spread throughout Chang'an
Even if I am a woman
I'm afraid that the next day, this imperial history will also leave
talk about
I understand, please rest assured, Your Majesty
I just said a few words and you will understand.
Come on, I'll send someone to kill you
And Chen, this younger brother, is the first not to
So it won't reveal the whereabouts of the Bi family?
Ah forgive me
Your Majesty, come, Your Majesty, forgive me!
Hahaha Your Majesty
Okay, it's not that brutal
Get up first
Gaoyang sitting
I came today
There is a key to discuss with you.
It is the duty of an official to solve problems for His Majesty
Just your eyes
People are a little scared
If you help me solve this problem
As long as it's not a big crime for you
I promise you
Keep you prosperous
As a part of the big money, I will solve His Majesty's problems
That should be doing your best
Just do we want to go somewhere else?
Talking stories in a brothel
It sounds a little weird.
If this is recorded in the history books in the future
It doesn't always sound good.
Heroes don't ask where they come from
Powerful countries naturally do not distinguish between occasions
Beautiful woman
Wait a minute.
Since he is a lazy son who just slept
Just sit up and listen
Gao Yang, do you know how powerful the vassal king of Daqian is?
This makes me uneasy.
You hold a grudge
Have a plan